[Term Entry] Go Math Functions Hypot() (#3037)
Codecademy/docs: content/go/concepts/math-functions/terms/hypot/hypot.md

---
Title: 'Hypot()'
Description: 'Returns the square of the sum of two squares'
Subjects: 
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags: 
  - 'Math'
  - 'Arithmatic'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent: 
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **'Hypot()'** function returns the square root of the sum of two squares.

## Syntax

```pseudo 
import math

hypot = math.Sqrt((x * x) + (y * y))

> ```

Author: thanks @caupolicandiaz, just added spacing in now.

'Hypot()' accepts two arguments of type 'float64' and returns a value of type 'float64'.

Note:

> - If either argument is negative, the result is positive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If either argument is negative, or both, the result is positive.
```

> - If both arguments are negative, the result is positive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If either argument is positive infinity (`+Inf`), the result will be positive infinity.
```

> - If '0' is passed as both arguments, the result is '0'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `0` is passed as both arguments, the result is `0`. If one of the arguments is `0` the result is equal to the other argument.
```

> - If either argument is passed as '0', the result is the other argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If either argument passed is `NaN`, the result will be `NaN`.
```

## Example

```go

> package main

Reviewer: The code should be indented with 2 spaces, tabs are not used in docs

import("fmt"
      "math")

func main(){

>     fmt.Printf("Hypot of 3 and 4 = %f\n", math.Sqrt((3 * 3)+(4 * 4)))
>     fmt.Printf("Hypot of -1.5 and -1.5 = %f\n", math.Sqrt((-1.5 * -1.5)+(-1.5 * -1.5)))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fmt.Printf("Hypot of 3 and 4 = %f\n", math.Hypot(3 , 4))
    fmt.Printf("Hypot of -1.5 and -1.5 = %f\n", math.Hypot(-1.5,-1.5))
```

    
}
```
The above example results in the following output:

```shell
Hypot of 3 and 4 = 5.000000
Hypot of -1.5 and -1.5 = 2.121320
```

## Codebyte Example (if applicable)

> The runnable example of the 'Hypot()' function of the cases where '0' or a negative number is at least one of the arguments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The runnable example of the `Hypot()` function of the cases where `0` or a negative number is at least one of the arguments. 
```

> ```codebyte/golang

Reviewer: make the same corrections here as in the block above

---
Title: 'Hypot()'
Description: 'Returns the square root of the sum of two squares.'
Subjects: 
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags: 
  - 'Math'
  - 'Arithmatic'
  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent: 
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`Hypot()`** function returns the square root of the sum of two squares. In other words, the method returns the result of the following formula:

```tex
hypotenuse = \sqrt{(x * x) + (y * y)}

## Syntax

```pseudo 
import math

result = math.Hypot(x, y)

> ```

Author: result = math.Hypot(x, y)

```

---
Title: 'Hypot()'
Description: 'Returns the square root of the sum of two squares.'
Subjects: 
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags: 
  - 'Math'

>   - 'Arithmatic'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 'Arithmetic'
```

  - 'Functions'
CatalogContent: 
  - 'learn-go'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

The **`Hypot()`** function returns the square root of the sum of two squares. In other words, the method returns the result of the following formula:

> hypotenuse = $`\sqrt{(x * x) + (y * y)}`$

Reviewer: The inline formatting isn't supported in docs. The formula should be inside a code block with the latex call ```tex

## Syntax

```pseudo 
  import math

  result = math.Hypot(x, y)
```

`Hypot()` accepts two arguments (`x` , `y`) of type `float64` and returns a value of type `float64`.

Note:
- If either argument is negative, or both, the result is positive.
- If either argument is positive infinity (`+Inf`), the result will be positive infinity.
- If `0` is passed as both arguments, the result is `0`. If one of the arguments is `0` the result is equal to the other argument.
- If either argument passed is `NaN`, the result will be `NaN`.

## Example

> ```go

Reviewer: The entire code block should be shifted left and the indentations should use 2 spaces, tabs are not used in docs

  package main

  import("fmt"
        "math")

  func Hypot(x, y float64) float64 {
       return math.Sqrt((x * x)+(y * y))
       }

  func main(){
    fmt.Printf("Hypotenuse of 3 and 4 = %f\n", Hypot(3 , 4))
    fmt.Printf("Hypotenuse of -1.5 and -1.5 = %f\n", Hypot(-1.5,-1.5))
    
  }
```

The above example results in the following output:

```shell

>   Hypotenuse of 3 and 4 = 5.000000

Reviewer: remove the spaces at the start of these lines

  Hypotenuse of -1.5 and -1.5 = 2.121320
```

## Codebyte Example 

The runnable example of the `Hypot()` function of the cases where `0` or a negative number is at least one of the arguments. 

> ```codebyte/golang

Reviewer: same edits as the code block above
